Doc: Improving vtex-io-documentation-edition-app.md (#918)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Reference/concepts/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app.md

updatedAt: "2022-12-13T20:17:44.705Z"
---

An Edition App represents a bundle of settings, policies, backend and frontend apps that are encapsulated into a single app. These apps are created and exported by a [Sponsor Account](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-sponsor-account), with the main objective of streamlining the installation of multiple apps essential to set up a specific group of accounts quickly.

![EditionApp](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app.png)

## List of native Edition Apps

The `vtex` account currently provides the following native Edition Apps:

- Edition Business (`vtex.edition-business@0.x`) - installs all the necessary apps to build a store with the [Legacy CMS Portal](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/6OCY6S9tqBXPD5mgpbBInC).
- Edition Store (`vtex.edition-store@5.x`) - installs all the necessary apps to develop a store with the [Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/getting-started-3).

> There are currently 4 available versions of the Edition Store. Next, you can better understand the differences between them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently four available versions of the Edition Store. Next, you can better understand the differences between them:
```

| Versions | What is new? |
| --- | --- |
|  2.x  | Standard version  |
|  3.x  | `vtex.store-sitemap@2.x` app declared in the manifest’s [dependencies](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-dependencies)  |
|  4.x  | Majors of `vtex.checkout` app, including both 1.x and 2.x versions, declared in the manifest’s dependencies  |

> |  5.x  | [Search apps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.search) installed  |

Reviewer 2: Acho que seria interessante listar os apps e marcar com  ❌  ou ✅ . Tipo assim:

|Version| vtex.store-sitemap | vtex.checkout | [Intelligent Search apps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.search)|
|-----|----------|--------|-----------|
|`2.x`| ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
|`3.x`| ✅ | ❌   | ❌ |
|`4.x`| ❌ | ✅  |  ❌ |
|`3.x`| ✅ | ✅  | ✅ |

Reviewer 2: Fica mais visual e claro o que cada versão tem/não tem

Author: Fiz o ajuste, ficou assim:

There are currently four available versions of the Edition Store. Next, you can better understand their differences regarding the apps installed by default in the manifest’s [dependencies](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-dependencies).

| Version	| [vtex.store-sitemap](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.store-sitemap)	| vtex.checkout (including 1.x and 2.x  versions) | [vtex.search](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.search)
|   :---:   |   :---:   |   :---:   |   :---:   |
| 2.x	| ❌ | ❌	| ❌ |
| 3.x	| ✅	| ❌	| ❌ |
| 4.x	| ✅	| ✅	| ❌ |
| 5.x	| ✅    | ✅	| ✅ |

> >⚠️ If you are [migrating from Legacy CMS Portal to Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-migrating-storefront-from-legacy-to-io) or are using the 2.x version and want to update, it is not necessary to install the 5.x version **if your store already has the Search apps installed**. You can install 3.x or 4.x versions, depending on your case. If you have doubts about which version to set in your store, please [open a ticket](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk) to the VTEX Support team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ If you are [migrating from Legacy CMS Portal to Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-migrating-storefront-from-legacy-to-io) or are using the 2.x version and want to update, it is not necessary to install the 5.x version **if your store already has the Search apps installed**. You can install 3.x or 4.x versions, depending on your case. If you are not sure which version to set in your store, please [open a ticket](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk) to the VTEX Support team.
```

Apps included as [`dependencies`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-dependencies) within an Edition App are considered inherited apps. Moreover, all apps bundled within an Edition App must share the same [`vendor`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-manifest) as the Edition App itself.

> It is important to note that Sponsored Accounts cannot modify apps and configurations installed through an Edition App. Only the Sponsor Account has the authority to make changes by releasing a new version of its Edition App and requesting a reinstallation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ It is important to note that Sponsored Accounts cannot modify apps and configurations installed through an Edition App. Only the Sponsor Account has the authority to make changes by releasing a new version of its Edition App and requesting a reinstallation.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
